Docs: Write MVP for Databricks docs (#976)
hasura/ddn-docs: docs/how-to-build-with-ddn/with-databricks.mdx

acknowledge your login, giving you access to Hasura Cloud resources.

### Step 2. Scaffold out a new local project

```sh title="Next, create a new local project:"
ddn supergraph init my-project && cd my-project
```

Once you move into this directory, you'll see your project scaffolded out for you. You can view the structure by either
running `ls` in your terminal, or by opening the directory in your preferred editor.

### Step 3. Create and seed a new Databricks database

Head to [Databricks](https://databricks.com) and create an account if you don't already have one. Then, create a new
instance.

From your instance's dashboard, choose `SQL Editor` and create a new query. At the top of the query editor, there will
be a breadcrumb letting you know which **catalog** and **schema** you're currently utilizing. **Before proceeding,
ensure you've selected `main` and `default`**.

```sql title="Then, paste the SQL below to set up your schema:"
CREATE TABLE default.users (
  id BIGINT GENERATED ALWAYS AS IDENTITY, name STRING NOT NULL, age INT NOT NULL
);

COMMENT ON TABLE default.users IS 'The users table contains information about application users';

> INSERT INTO default.users (name, age) VALUES ('Alice', 25);
> INSERT INTO default.users (name, age) VALUES ('Bob', 30);
> INSERT INTO default.users (name, age) VALUES ('Charlie', 35);

Reviewer: I think this is cleaner as a single statment. Like the posts one later. 

```suggestion
INSERT INTO default.users (name, age) 
VALUES 
  ('Alice', 25), 
  ('Bob', 30), 
  ('Charlie', 35);
```

```

Choose `Run all statements` to create the table, add the comment, and insert the users.

```sql title="You can verify this worked by running the following:"
SELECT * FROM users;
```

### Step 4. Initialize your Databricks connector

```sh title="In your project directory, run:"
ddn connector init my_databricks -i
```

From the dropdown, select `hasura/databricks-jdbc` (you can type to filter the list).

#### `JDBC_URL`

You'll be prompted for your JDBC URL; you can construct the base of this using your Databricks UI under `SQL Warehouses`
» `<name-of-warehouse>` » `Connection details`.

```plaintext title="An example JDBC URL for Databricks using the main catalog:"
jdbc:databricks://<host>:<port>/default;transportMode=http;ssl=1;AuthMech=3;httpPath=/sql/1.0/warehouses/<warehouse-id>;UID=token;PWD=<access-token>;ConnCatalog=main;
```

:::info Constructing your JDBC URL

The Databricks connector utilizes a JDBC URL that includes:

> - An access token — which you can generate from the same UI as where you found the base for your connection string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An access token — which you can generate with the `Create a personal access token` button in the top right in the same UI as where you found the base for your connection string.
```
